classes overview (#28)
tue-robotics/rgbd: rgbd/README.md

The `ClientROS` class is present in case no data is provided in RGBD format. This is used, e.g., in the `ros_to_rgbd` node (see below).

The `Server` class does exactly the opposite from the `Client` class. It receives an instance of an `rbgd::Image` and both (re-)sends this data as an `rgbd_msgs::RGBD` message over a ROS topic and writes it to shared memory.

### Nodes
This package contains a number of nodes and tools. The most important ones are:
* `rgbd_to_shm`: contains an instance of `ClientRGBD` that listens to RGBD data received over a `rgbd_msgs::RGBD` topic and writes this to shared memory using an instance of a `ServerSHM`. By running this node, only one incoming connection for the `rgbd` messages is setup since all clients can subsequently use the shared memory. If your robot contains multiple computers, it is advised to run this node on each computer where (more than 1) `Client` instances are used.
* `ros_to_rgbd`: converts 'standard' ROS messages (`sensor_msgs::Image` (color image and depth image) and ` sensor_msgs::CameraInfo`) to the `rgbd_msgs::RGBD` format. Hereto, it uses instances of the `ClientROS` and the `Server` classes.

> * `rgbd_to_ros`: converts `rgbd_msgs::RGBD` messages to the 'standard' ROS format (`sensor_msgs::Image` (color image and depth image) and ` sensor_msgs::CameraInfo`). Hereto, it uses an instance of the `Client` class as well as publishers for the RGB image, RGB camera info, depth image, depth camera info and pointcloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rgbd_to_ros`: converts `rgbd_msgs::RGBD` messages to the 'standard' ROS format (`sensor_msgs::Image` (color image and depth image) and `sensor_msgs::CameraInfo`). Hereto, it uses an instance of the `Client` class as well as publishers for the RGB image, RGB camera info, depth image, depth camera info and pointcloud.
```

## Notes

> In case you are developing camera drivers, it is advised to stick to the 'standard' ROS interfaces to minimize dependencies to enhance compatibility with other ROS users. Use the `ros_to_rgbd` node and, if applicable, the `rgbd_to_shm` server to interface with your software if that's using the `Client` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you are developing camera drivers, it is advised to stick to the 'standard' ROS interfaces to minimize dependencies which enhances compatibility with other ROS users. Use the `ros_to_rgbd` node and, if applicable, the `rgbd_to_shm` server to interface with your software if that's using the `Client` class.
```
